1.In the most concise way possible, answer this question, what is 42? How would you describe 42 to someone who doesn’t know what 42 is?
	42 is a tuition free software engineering school focused on project-based learning and peer review.
2. Why are there no instructions on the initial 42 logic tests?
	A student needs to have patience, determination, intuition, and a problem solving mindset. That’s why logic tests are simple, minimalist, and without instructions. There are people that English is not their native language, and it is not fair for a test to test you on some unrelated skills, making a non-existent language barrier between the test and the candidate.
3. What are the core 42 principles?
	The school wants you to succeed. They want you to be a better person, someone who can proudly say: “I am a software engineer, and I am ready for any challenge”. :)  Always be perseverance, have some discipline with a manageable schedule to allow workflow and learn at the same time. Diversity, morality, work ethics, and cultures… share some stories, make new friends, and learn from them.
4. If somebody is thinking of going to 42, but has no coding experience - do you really think it’s worth their time?
	I think that if someone is trying to get into 42 but has no coding experience then they should just go for it. Its not necessarily about how much knowledge you have but how determined you are to aquire new knowledge.
5. What makes 42 unique?
	The people here are like minded, unique, intellectual people. Everyone who is accepted as a cadet is accepted because of their skill and determination, not by how much money they spend to hold a spot. And one more thing - it is a small school, feels a lot like home.
6. What do you think you’re learning the most at 42?
	The main thing that I am learning at 42 is how to learn. Collaborating with others and using resources to solve problems is an essential skill of any software engineer or developer.
7. Imagine (this will happen very soon in real life!), you’ve been stuck on the problem for a while and have no idea what to do - what your next steps would be?
	If I am stuck on a problem and have no idea how to carry it out I will Google it, go to GitHub or StackOverflow, and, finally, towards the help of others to get ideas for solutions.
8. How will you ensure that your personal level of motivation remains high on a daily basis to complete at least 1 level per month without the Piscine pressure and strict dead- lines?
	I will remain determined to complete at least one level per month because I chose to come to this school and I have been given an extraordinary oppurtunity, so why would I waste that?
9. If someone asks you why it says internships are required on the 42 website, but they do not offer job placement, what would you say?
	I would say that the main goal of 42 is to secure people with a career foundation.
10. How do the internships work? Is it mandatory that you have to reach a certain level before leaving on an internship or can you validate it anytime you find one?
	The way internships work is when students reach level 7, they have the choice to take an internship. They can reach out to developers and companies that are either associated or separate from 42. The first internship lasts 16 days(searching for an internship), and the actual internship lasts for 25 weeks. This will allow students to manage their time both with school and work, and most move out of the dorms.
11. How does 42 help you adapt to a work place?
	With the skills gained through the 42 program, students will be able to adapt to a work environment relatively fast..
12.
